I'm missing six classes this semester.
I want to learn this course separately
Mr. Lu, I promise
I will definitely be on time to class in the future
go out
Teacher Lu
Can't you hear me if I let you out?
Mr. Lu, I really can't deduct credits
Throw your arms around
Trying to seduce me
It's a pity how can there be a woman like you
I don't have no
Drugged me that night
Climb into my bed
Is it you who is calling my name?
You rely on the similarity between yourself and Shuyu
Just deliberately imitate my fiancee
You are nothing more than a maid
Don't forget if you deserve it or not
Even if you are deliberately imitating the shadow
You won't be him
Not even a single strand of hair
See it.
I feel sick when I touch you.
go out
I told you to get out, did you hear me?
Handsome brother, don't sleep
Mr. Wu, I'm leaving first
Please check for me a woman named warm